---
layout: post
title: "A new look, tickets and what's to come"
description: "Tickets available for RustFest Global with 20+ talks in 3 timezones"
socialImageSrc: "/assets/posts/2020-global/2020-10-10_a_new_look.png"
date: 2020-10-20
authors:
  - badboy
---


tl;dr: [Register for RustFest Global now!](https://rustfest.global/tickets), but read on for the details.

---

We're less than 3 weeks away from the conference, our speakers are selected and are now busy preparing their talks.

## The New Look

Today we're launching the new RustFest Global 2020 website!

<center>
<h2><a href="https://rustfest.global" class="post-link">rustfest.global</a></h2>
</center>

Behind the scenes we've been busy modernizing our setup to make it easier for us to maintain up-to-date information on our website, allow customization where we need it and of course to roll out our brand new design.

We are really proud of the design our designers from [ura design] put together and we hope you all will enjoy it, too.

In the next couple of days we will start filling the website with the actual talk details & schedule for the conference.

[ura design]: https://ura.design/

## Register for RustFest Global

With just 3 weeks away from the conference it's about time you'll be able to register for it.
An online conference has different challenges & costs, but also a far wider reach and broader audience.

RustFest Global will have content for a solid 20 hours.
And yet it is still a very affordable conference.

As in previous years we offer tickets priced at a wide range.
Our community tickets sell for 30€ (or your currency's equivalent) and standard tickets at 100€.

Everyone should be able to join us, so we're offering "Pay what you can" Tickets.
The only difference is the price, and that we request you purchase the 100€ ticket if your employer is paying or reimbursing the ticket you choose the 100€ option.
Both tickets come with a proper tax receipt, so if you are buying yourself, are a freelancer or non-profit you are encouraged and welcome to opt for the 30€ ticket.
We also have a limited time pay-what-you-can ticket option!

We put up answers to a bunch of questions around our ticketing on our website: [Tickets & Access](https://rustfest.global/tickets).

<center>
<h2><a href="https://rustfest.global/tickets" class="post-link">Register for RustFest Global now!</a></h2>
</center>
